hey we'll top everyone welcome back to
the halo hub and today i'm bringing you
some more halo reach racetracks at this
time i have a map called pipeline by
treble and we want to play 21 now this
is a really really nice map for a lot of
reasons and one of the main reasons is
the variety of pieces because as the
name suggests it's like you know you're
some pipe last pipes in and it's like
racing on top of the just like at the
very top of the sea like on a kind of
pipe as the name suggests so I really do
like the pipeline's end because they're
not really being used they're quite an
unconventional piece to use I mean the
only other time I've seen the muses in
horse maps and i'm not sure what trap
adore has done but in this map it's
really easy to race on them like there's
only one place that you can come off
which is just back there which i do come
off on the next lap and that's only
really if you go too fast so all they
really need you to do is just I all they
require you to do to get past them is
just to not full throttle it down you
just have to slow a little bit or just
like you can trace on it like a normal
track as the curvature but it's not
really hard and it doesn't make the map
look nice and it plays very well so i
weld on to travel for improving your lap
length while still making an apple look
and play really nice and well so yeah
they laplink just over a minute which is
a big improvement on is like 45 50
seconds or the last one and I do love
like to start their lap on the end of
the lap and as you can see around the
map you go like underwater which for
like some points which is really cool
and the additional time and effort put
into the tunnels just to make them all
that all that color which just makes
them map nice to play and in the way of
aesthetics your some supporting beams
there some really nice just the top of
prices because they're a really colorful
piece and it just makes the map with
nice and you've also got some supporting
like a big supporting brace for the
really high angle at the start of the
lap which I really do like I really like
a little like propel like not propelled
and suspended by a little pole so here I
come off buzzes I don't slow down so all
they really like required to do is just
slow down a little bit which is just
makes the map really good excuse me but
yeah
as long as far as other players goes and
like racing competitively so it'll be
really i think it'd be really good
because of the like the pipes in the
curvature so there's quite a lot of
space but there aren't any collision
point so maybe that's probably one of
the only things that i would say to
improve this map and also maybe a bit
more variety in pieces because he does
use the pipeline which is really cool
but it does get a bit repetitive see
personally i would have loved to see
more of the glass covers because I do
like it when people use them and yeah
there are shield doors around the map in
certain areas and I love the end of the
lap to just these man cannons to propel
you nicely back up into lap with some
beautiful struts lining the walls just
to round you back into the lap so we're
on the final lap now and we have a nice
chilled or they're just slow you down
just to make this drop smooth and yeah
it's a really good map I definitely
recommend it for download as always the
links in the description I do love these
tunnels they're really cool and this is
a really nice angle because it's a
really sharp angle it's a harsh angle
but the st. but like it's not really
hard to drive unlike the previous
episode and like that doesn't make the
map in the previous upload any worse
it's just like I don't particularly like
that it's not my personal preference but
yeah I think this map like there's not
really anything that you can't like
about this map like it's not too
difficult or like too boring it's just
quite a bit of everything so it's a
really good nice rounded map and it has
around because it's a pipe yeah um so
thanks for watching everyone I'm going
to cut this off a little bit short but
make sure to subscribe to be notified
when episode 22 is out and I'll be all
for me except for one little message
about my channel so if you like
basically halo because I don't just do
retrace your XID like montages and music
videos and like I upload soundtracks and
gameplay clips well oddly loads to just
check out the channel anything halos on
there so thanks for watching everyone
and i'll see you in the next episode